021106 - Main Menu up and running, Can:
	 Create and delete new account.
	 create and delete new chars.
	 use char brings up Tclient form, has cancel option and HP,MP,SP labels.
	 Server has logs for Player.log
051106 - Added map recognition, can now:
	 join game to point of map retrieval and blit to game screen.
	 full log of client dis/connection.
081106 - Added player character blit and movement response.

	 Client is now at split point, work will continue on editor client.


121106 - Added right click menu from gamescreen.
Mapper   Added basic map editor, four layers and save mechanism.
	 Moved Quit button to right click menu.
171106 - Added extra map layers - mask2 + anim, fringe anim and fringe2 + anim.
Mapper   Added light layer to map.
	 Added Properties pic with Name, moral, N/S/E/W exits and boot map function.
181106 - **
Mapper   Added Directional blocking to map editor.
	 **
191106 - Added Item Editor.
Mapper   Added Npc Editor.
	 **
231106 - Added Map Editor fill button.
Mapper   Added Map Items.
	 Added Key and KeyOpen code to activate map editor attributes of same name.
	 Added popup x,y co-ordinates box on certain attributes and player(client user) rollover.
241106 - Added Npc spawning to maps.
Mapper   Activated npc movement and attack on sight code.
	 Activated Npc re-spawn code.

	 Started to update Game client from splitpoint to bring up to date with server.

291106 - Added right Click menu to game client.
Game     Updated Game client for directional blocking.
	 Added Npc and Item spawning to game client.
	 Added Player Stats Popup Panel to Game client, with auto disappear(10secs) and pinning option.
041206 - Added player inventory panel and weapon slots to game client. **Bug - Focus settings need tweaking!
Game     Added player attack npc function with rising blitted damage.
         Added npc attack player function with rising blitted damage.
         (PK code for player attack player in place, player exp code in place + player level and some party code.)
051206 - Removed movement block when clicking PlayerStats controls/pics.
Game     Added drag and drop for PlayerStats.
         Added player message with rising blitted text.
101206 - Reworked Npc Type rec to add RESOURCE behavior, Hit Only With, Respawn and ShopLink.
All      Modify code to allow for different RESOURCE Npc abilities. eg, not walking, not attacking back etc.
	 Bug still needs to be worked out of attacking RESOURCE npc's.
131206 - Fixed Bug in attacking RESOURCE npc's.
Game     Added checks for HitOnlyWith weapon/tool.
	 Added Npc Message with rising blitted text.
191206 - **
All      Added Player Spells to server and both clients.
	 **
231206 - Add Shops to server and both clients.
All      Added Item Fixing to shops. (Needs currency modifications to work) (ref:sub hasitem)
	 **
301206 - Added Player Attack player code to finish feature.
All      Added Guild code to server side, type creation.
	 Removed commented code that's no longer required.

** Creation of version 0.1.0  Most of Mirage coding has been ported to CServer, MapClient and GameClient.

030107 - Spells interface is now movable.(GAMECLIENT)
	 Inventory interface is now movable.(GAMECLIENT)
040107 - Fixed resource Npc bug. Now shows correct 'resource proccessed' message every time.(SERVER)
	 Fixed Shop trade bug. Reworked "trade" packet, now checks for correct trade list index.(GAMECLIENT)
	 Fixed Shop trade bug. Added check for no trade available.(GAMECLIENT)
070107 - Fixed PlayerInventory bug. Tools now stay equipped after logging out then back in again.
	 Fixed Helmet/Armor equipment slot bug. Helmets/Armor show in correct equipment slots.
	 Stopped Npc's from being able to attack MapClient users. (ADMIN_MAPPER and above)
	 Map Editor is now movable.(DEVCLIENT)
	 Fixed map editor bug. Moving offscreen in map editor with mouse button down no longer gives errors.

Cerberus v2 - 0.1.1 Patch released.

080107 - Added HighIndex player loop optimisation from tutorial
	 Added smoother player movement from tutorial, just for Pando!
090107 - Added SpellSprite into SpellRec and updated Mapper/Game clients as required.
	 Added Visual spells, removed cast button - double click to cast.
160107 - Brought Focus settings up to date on game client.
	 Added Framework for Inventory item rollover description.
	 Made item durability update instantly on item rollover.

Cerberus v2 - 0.1.2 Patch released.
Begun Server overhaul, adding new features and rearranging type recs.

210107 - Modified modTypes:
	 Added PlayerSpells Rec and PlayerSkills Rec.
	 Added AmuletSlot, RingSlot.
	 Re-worked Tile Rec to reduce amount of layers. Added Resource array to Map Rec.
	 Modified TradeItem Rec to arrays.
	 Modified Guild Rec ready to accept new features.

--0307 - Return to coding after break and audition of apache webserver and utils.
	 Complete text based multi-item-trade shops, still needs visual interface gameclient side.
070407 - Completed Amulet and Ring type items with ADD HP/MP/SP/STR/DEF/MAGI/SPEED/CRIT/DROP Charm types.
	 Added Amulet and Ring type items to the rollover description.
	 Fixed inventory item rollover description not updating after fixing items.
100407 - Completed framework for player skills. (Next level calculated from base attribs, not modified ones)
	 Implemented 'Attribute' type skills - Add STR/DEF/MAGI/SPEED per level.
	 Implemented 'Chance' type skills - Add Chance of Critical and Chance of item drop per level.
	 Added player skills rollover description.
130407 - Item search on gamescreen click now server side to allow for item targeting.
	 Fixed bug - player critical hit damage not registering.
200407 - Added new player spells framework to MapClient.
	 Added new player spells framework to GameClient and modified spell rollover description.
220407 - Completed framework for player spells. (Next level calculated from spell level/mod and player MAGIC)
	 Modified inventory rollover descriptions to include skill/spell types.
270407 - Added BLOCK type to Amulets/Rings And Skills. (Increases chance of Blocking by %)
	 Modified npc/resource exp to give standard exp if player doesn't have relevant skill.
060507 - Completed basic demonstration maps for warrior and wizard character types.
	 Added Player message on use of potion type items.
	 Added Start location for character classes, in classes.ini
070507 - Fixed spells so they respond to player spell level and modified player/npc/resource messages to suit.
	 Fixed Npc/Resource messages for player spells.
080507 - Added Player Skills experience checkpoints for CHANCE type skills - CRIT/BLOCK/DROP
	 Added Player Skills experience checkpoints for ATTRIBUTE type skills - STR/DEF/MAGI/SPEED
180507 - Completed updates to User guide inline with engine changes.
	 Adjusted code where neccesary to fix certain features shown up by the guide update.

Version2 - 0.3.0 release complete.
	 
Version2 - 0.3.1 Changes;

	* Added server configuration app on server startup
	* Added Dev/Game client IP configuration on startup
	* Centralized all Dev client editors
	* Added Main menu GUI

	From postponed graphics update
	* Added 32 x 64 sprites for Npc's and players
	* Added pushblock system for mazes etc
	* Added resource Tree type, 96 x 128 sprite, bottom middle tile blocked/attackable


Version2 -  0.3.2 Changes;

	* Picture selection scrollbars are now linked to MAX values in DevClient.
	* Added Dev client Main Menu design application.
	* Added basic chat facility.